_projects/5_capstone.md, before:

---

name: Rotor Powered Rocket Lander
tools: [SolidWorks, ANSYS, Python, 3D printing]
image: ../images/capstone_deploy.gif
description: A prototype subscale rocket landing system using deployable propellors and landing legs

---

# Rotor Powered Rocket Lander

[*View on GitHub*](https://github.com/nmarks99/aero-capstone)


## Project Goal
The team will develop a landing system capable of landing a small rocket vertically
at a designated target zone, without the use of traditional combustion engines. The
product will function completely autonomously from the start of its descent
(more than 10 meters but less than 50 meters) until stable landing on the landing pad.
The device will also adhere to typical guidelines and mission goals set by the NASA
Student Launch competition in order to benefit future NUSTARS
(Northwestern University Space Technology and Rocketry Society) competition teams.
Finally, the product will be designed using concepts and methods which allow for
modularity between rockets of different scales.

Commit message:

capstone and slam sections done

_projects/5_capstone.md, after:

---

name: Rotor Powered Rocket Lander
tools: [SolidWorks, ANSYS, Python, 3D printing]
image: ../images/capstone_deploy.gif
description: A prototype subscale rocket landing system using deployable propellors and landing legs

---

# Rotor Powered Rocket Lander

[*View on GitHub*](https://github.com/nmarks99/aero-capstone)

## Project Goal
The goal fo this project was to develop a landing system capable of landing a small
rocket vertically at a designated target zone, without the use of traditional
combustion engines. Theproduct will function completely autonomously from the start of its descent
until stable landing on the landing pad.
The device will also adhere to typical guidelines and mission goals set by the NASA
Student Launch competition in order to benefit future NUSTARS
(Northwestern University Space Technology and Rocketry Society) competition teams.

Demonstrated here is an initial prototype of the design which includes a rocket airframe
with deployable landing legs and propellers.

### Slow Motion Deployment Test

{% include image.html path="../images/capstone_slomo.gif" caption="" width="400" %}


### Additional Images/Diagrams

{% include image.html path="../images/capstone_internals.png" caption="Internal electronics and propellers" width="400" %}

{% include image.html path="../images/capstone_leg_diagram.png" caption="Landing legs diagram" width="600" %}
